thank you i'm jimmy i'm the host of the
show uh
thank you for watching thank you for
joining us here
in in the united states of america which
is according
to u.s news and world report the number
six best country in the world that's
right we're sixth
it's actually not that bad considering
we had a violent insurrection to
overthrow our own government this year
and
the award for number one country the
best country in the world
goes to drumroll oh never mind no
drummer
canada canada is number one those
mother puckers they are a country with a
moose on its coins is better than us
japan was number two uh despite being
home to a giant radioactive lizard
germany was third switzerland and
australia rounded out the top
five and then it's us we actually moved
up a spot for number seven last year so
that's good you know if
if trump had won he would have made
america eight again so
anyway congratulations to our neighbors
up north
an apology accepted i don't know about
this number six thing would mike lindell
mr my pillow live any place other than
number one i don't think so
mike lindell is launching a new social
media platform
for like-minded individuals who also got
kicked off youtube
it's called frank speech.com and i tell
you what it sounds like it's going to be
the place to be
welcome to frankspeach.com uh this is
going to be a platform like no other
it's got it's kind of like a youtube
twitter combination we've been working
on it four years
i've spent over the last four weeks i've
spent millions of dollars making it the
the most secure we're going to be able
to handle this capacity
your imp your everything's going to be
the most secure we're not going to be
able to we're going to be attacked
that's right come get lost in a world of
paranoia and mustache wax
at frank's peach why do i get the
feeling mike lindell is gonna be living
in a motel soon
once you look at our mission statement
because we went back and defined
and we found from our founding fathers
in the supreme court and stuff
what defines free speech so you're not
gonna have to worry about people
if they're on there you should be a good
reporting system but you don't
you don't get to use the four swear
words that you know that the c
word the n word the f word or god's name
in vain
oh great that means kids can watch you
have a full mental breakdown too
which c word do you think he's talking
about ciabatta
maybe the pillow man has a lot going on
he's also launching what he believes
will be
a rival to amazon called my store
on the my pillow i spent the whole
afternoon going through this
and they there are some delightful items
for sale at my store peanut brittle
naturally
freedom flags which are 48 more
patriotic than regular flags there's a
series
of children's books called donald the
caveman
featuring a neanderthal donald trump
beating an elderly dinosaur with the
constitution
uh and that's not that's just the tip of
the iceberg there are a bunch of
products that sound like we made them up
we didn't woof perfect is a pet stain
remover
bleed stop stops bleeding in seconds
and my footsie a 45 sleeping bag for
your feet
and for only 39.99 you could have a
life-sized cardboard cutout
of mike lindell lurking menacingly in
your home who would buy this
i mean besides me who would buy this
the only person crazy enough to pay 40
dollars for a life-size michael and dell
is mike lindell
why would he do why is he starting these
websites you're a former crack addict
who somehow made millions of dollars
selling pillows
sell pillows why isn't that enough
you're lucky you have teeth
milo jeff bezos you could possibly say
the same thing about jeff bezos he has
many unusual side projects including
this
his aerospace company blue origin just
landed a multi-million dollar contract
with the pentagon
to build a nuclear-powered spaceship
which isn't that exactly what happens in
the first half of wall-e
it is as there's a superstore
by and large the superstore buys a giant
spacecraft
to evacuate humanity while the earth is
abandoned
under massive piles of cardboard boxes
and now it's real a billionaire is
building
a nuclear-powered spaceship that might
be something you want to look into
double-oh-seven
i guess he wants to make sure when we
all flee to mars we'll still be able to
get two-day shipping
here's another unsettling technological
development
for the past few months the nypd has
been using what they call
a digi dog which is a robotic police
dog that they can send into dangerous
situations to
i guess freak everyone out
i've never seen nothing like this before
in my life
do you see this
that's r2d2 yes i always knew r2 was a
narc
slowly but surely we're seeing robots on
the street one of our riders was walking
his dog in west hollywood and ran
look at this this uh okay there's his
dog
and this is a food delivery robot
bean good job you tell that robot
see real dogs don't trust robots because
they know they're the first ones they'll
replace
i'm not sure how i feel about this isn't
this something we should have voted on
they at least should have made an
announcement of some kind of robocop is
real now and
optimus prime delivers chipotle but
i guess people have been generally
welcoming to
robots in everyday life because there
are a lot of videos on social media
of human beings helping them out
[Music]
i got you buddy get out of here
have a good one welcome
thank you stay calm
be free gravy yeah
[Music]
thank you
thank you you're welcome
just help the robot
[Music]
there you go buddy you can see now
oh that's so cute why is it doing that
i guess there's still a few bugs that
need to be worked out but
so strength uber is still using humans
for now
the ceo of uber says that if marijuana
gets legalized on the federal level they
may start
having their drivers deliver it which
that's surprising
based on the smell of every uber i've
ever been in
i assume they were already delivering
weed but it's a smart movie
you order uber weed and 40 minutes later
you order uber eats
maybe you saw this on my uh instagram
but i got the vaccine
i have uh yes
and a lot of people have been commenting
on how muscular my arm is and they're
right i agree it is
very muscular and i feel fine
i actually don't laugh that hard
you know i posted that and a surprising
number of people believed it was
my actual arm and i didn't correct
anybody
but i feel good i feel like the end of
the shawshank redemption the um
you know i'm coursing with antibodies
right now but the cdc and fda this
morning
recommended putting a pause on the
johnson johnson vaccine
that's the one you get in one shot after
six women who got it
developed a rare and severe blood clot i
blame the second johnson he never
graduated high school do you know that
but now the white house is scrambling to
restore confidence in
vaccines public trust is already a major
obstacle to achieving herd immunity
so what does this setback mean well for
the answer it's time to
ask dr jim
hi i'm dr jim and today's question
comes from facebook dear dr jim my
sister says
vaccines are dangerous and you can't
trust scientists or dentists
doesn't this prove it millie bobby brown
not that one
well millie bobby actually no
it doesn't first of all out of seven
million people who received the j j
shot only six people had this side
effect that means the odds are
less than one in a million it's .0009
that's more zeros
than in the whole trump family so
next question here we go but i thought
they said the vaccine was safe why is
this only coming up now
love mchammer not that one huh well mc
i'll tell you why they tested these
drugs using something called a
double-blind clinical trial
whereas they take a group of people they
give them the vaccine and they compare
them to a group of people
who didn't who got a placebo now 20 000
people
got the vaccine in the johnson johnson
trial but the side effect is so rare it
only happens once in a million doses
that's why they didn't catch it with the
20 000 but now 7 million have
received the vaccine only six people
reported serious side effects which they
have immediately identified
that's how closely they're monitoring
this and that should be very reassuring
because six out of seven million means
getting the vaccine is safer
than not getting the vaccine you got it
then get it
that was ask dr jim
thanks
[Music]
hi regular jim is back
i think we've all had enough of covid
and um
and everything that goes with it it's
been a long 13 months but we've come so
far and with that said
it's time to look back at what was in
the news one year ago this week
it's time for this week in covet history
this week
in covered history it's mid-april
2020 and americans are so over
covert 19. you can't buy paint you can't
buy a lawn you can't buy lawn fertilizer
or grass seed or whatever come on yeah
come on
luckily trump is reopening america the
data suggests that nationwide we have
passed
the peak on new cases our country has to
get open
and it will get open we have to get our
country open jeff
say sir what metrics you will use to
make that decision uh
the metrics right here well there's
certainly room for those up there
but not everyone trusts the plan like dr
grouchy
i think that's a bit overly optimistic
and the democrats state
governors folks that would kill people
it would absolutely
kill people and now for a counterpoint
you know what
staying at home leads to death also yes
like if you accidentally drink bleach
luckily trump can circumvent these
naysayers with
something called twitter a sleek new
gizmo that can spread twitter bugs to
all his supporters
who eat them right up
[Applause]
look at these smiling faces thank you
president trump
and your amazing metric system
this has been this week in covid history
wow never forget never forget
congratulations on making it to the end
of a youtube video why not celebrate by
clicking the subscribe button
you earned it